#summary world wide web

= Introduction =

Long Live Page Rank!


= Details =

Ok, here we can share links to good links on Android, phone hardware etc that would be relevant to our work.


= To Improve UI of Android App =

http://www.slideshare.net/AndroidDev/android-ui-design-tips


== Important terms ==
  # Activities: The building block of the user interface is the activity. You can think of an activity as being the Android analogue for the window for dialog box in a desktop application. 
  # Content providers: Content providers provide a level of abstraction for any data stored on the device that is accessible by multiple applications. 
  # Services: Activities and content providers are short-lived and can be shut down at any time. Services, on the other hand, are designed to keep running, if needed, independent of any activity. You might use a service for checking for updates to an RSS feed or to play back music even if the controlling activity is no longer operating.
  # Intents: Intents are system messages, running around the inside of the device, notifying applications of various events, from hardware state changes (e.g., an SD card was inserted), to incoming data (e.g., anSMS message arrived), to application events (e.g., your activity was launched from the device’s main menu). Not only can you respond to intents, but you can create your own to launch other activities or to let you know when specific situations arise (e.g., raise such-and-so intent when the user gets within 100 meters of this-and-such location).

== Other important stuff to know ==
One key element of a project is the manifest (AndroidManifest.xml). This file contains the “table of contents” for your application, listing all of the major application components, permissions, and so on. The manifest is used by Android at runtime to tie your application into the operating system. The manifest contents are also used by the
Android Market (and perhaps other independent “app stores”), so applications that need
Android 2.0 will not be presented to people with Android 1.5 devices, for example.