#summary Some background and technical terms for android

== Important terms ==
  # Activities: The building block of the user interface is the activity. You can think of an activity as being the Android analogue for the window for dialog box in a desktop application. 
  # Content providers: Content providers provide a level of abstraction for any data stored on the device that is accessible by multiple applications. 
  # Services: Activities and content providers are short-lived and can be shut down at any time. Services, on the other hand, are designed to keep running, if needed, independent of any activity. You might use a service for checking for updates to an RSS feed or to play back music even if the controlling activity is no longer operating.
  # Intents: Intents are system messages, running around the inside of the device, notifying applications of various events, from hardware state changes (e.g., an SD card was inserted), to incoming data (e.g., anSMS message arrived), to application events (e.g., your activity was launched from the device’s main menu). Not only can you respond to intents, but you can create your own to launch other activities or to let you know when specific situations arise (e.g., raise such-and-so intent when the user gets within 100 meters of this-and-such location).

== Structure of Project Directory ==
	* AndroidManifest.xml: An XML file describing the application being built and which components—activities, services, and so on—are being supplied by that application.
	* build.xml: An Ant script for compiling the application and installing it on the device.
	* default.properties and local.properties : Property files used by the Ant build script.
	* assets: A folder that holds other static files you wish packaged with the application for deployment onto the device.
	* bin: A folder that holds the application once it is compiled.
	* gen: Where Android’s build tools will place source code that they generate.
	* libs: A folder that holds any third-party JARs your application requires.
	* src: A folder that holds the Java source code for the application.
	* res: A folder that holds resources—such as icons, graphic user interface (GUI) layouts, and the like—that are packaged with the
compiled Java in the application.
	* tests: A folder that holds an entirely separate Android project used for testing the one you created.

The _res_ directory tree holds resources—static files that are packaged along with your application, either in their original form or, occasionally, in a preprocessed form. These are some of the subdirectories you will find or create under res/:
	* res/drawble: For images (PNG, JPEG, etc.).
	* res/layout : For XML-based UI layout specifications.
	* res/menu : For XML-based menu specifications.
	* res/raw: For general-purpose files (e.g., a CSV file of account information).
	* res/values: For strings, dimensions, and the like.
	* res/xml: For other general purpose files you want to ship.